Update Alabama.md (#623)
2020PB/police-brutality: reports/Alabama.md

## Hoover

> ### Police make a series of violent arrests | Date Unknown 

Reviewer: The original tweet I found (see comment below) was posted 11:54 May 31st (local time in AL) so I think we could safely make this 31st May

```suggestion
### Police make a series of violent arrests | May 31st
```

Author: And thanks! The Doucette ones are a mess on dates

During a peaceful protest, police corral protestors onto a hill. Officers snatch protestors at the edges and throw them to the ground to make arrests.

tags: arrest, shove, throw, push, knee

id: al-hoover-1

**Links**

> * https://twitter.com/greg_doucette/status/1269810926863163394

Reviewer: I searched for the original tweet Doucette's referencing here and found it. Could be good to use that as the original source?

```suggestion
* https://twitter.com/mtvtacallya/status/1267318555604910081
```

Author: Yeah thanks. I usually try to find Doucette's source but struggled this time
